README.md, before:

[![Dart Frog Logo][logo_white]][dart_frog_link_dark]
[![Dart Frog Logo][logo_black]][dart_frog_link_light]

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat2.svg)](https://awesome.re)

# Awesome Dart Frog

Welcome! This repo is intended to highlight some awesome Dart Frog resources — articles, videos, open source projects, and more! If you have something to add, please review the [contributing guide](https://github.com/dart-frog-dev/awesome_dart_frog/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) before opening a PR.

[Dart Frog](https://github.com/dart-frog/dart_frog) is a fast, minimalistic backend framework for Dart. It can increase efficiency by allowing you to share code, tooling, and processes across the front and backend.

## Contents

- [Awesome Dart Frog](#awesome-dart-frog)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Articles and tutorials](#articles-and-tutorials)
    - [Series](#series)
      - [Articles by Felix Angelov](#articles-by-felix-angelov)
      - [Livestreams by Craig Labenz on the Flutter YouTube channel](#livestreams-by-craig-labenz-on-the-flutter-youtube-channel)
      - [Articles by Md. Mobin](#articles-by-md-mobin)
      - [Articles by Sailesh Dahal](#articles-by-sailesh-dahal)
    - [Articles and tutorials](#articles-and-tutorials-1)
  - [Libraries and plugins](#libraries-and-plugins)
    - [Official](#official)
    - [Community](#community)
  - [Projects](#projects)
    - [Open source repos](#open-source-repos)
    - [Apps](#apps)

## Articles and tutorials

### Series

#### Articles by [Felix Angelov](https://twitter.com/felangelov)

- [Dart Frog full stack tutorial](https://verygood.ventures/blog/dart-frog-full-stack-tutorial)
- [Dart Frog is now stable 🎉](https://verygood.ventures/blog/dart-frog-stable)
- [Dart on the server with Dart Frog](https://verygood.ventures/blog/dart-frog)

#### Livestreams by [Craig Labenz](https://twitter.com/craig_labenz) on the [Flutter YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@flutterdev)

- [Observable Flutter: Code sharing & Postgres](https://youtu.be/WE-CYXE1xug): Explore code sharing between client and server and connect to a backend Postgres database. This example uses Dart Frog.
- [Observable Flutter: Dart + Postgres](https://youtu.be/g76H6-MeHHk): Picking up from the last video, Craig improves the Postgres connection handling in his Dart Frog server-side app.

#### Articles by [Md. Mobin](https://dev.to/djsmk123)

- [Build Full stack application using Flutter ft. Dart frog and MongoDB. Part 1](https://dev.to/djsmk123/build-full-stack-application-using-flutter-ft-dart-frog-and-mongodb-part-1-1e2k)
- [Build Full stack application using Flutter ft. Dart frog and MongoDB. Part 2](https://dev.to/djsmk123/build-full-stack-application-using-flutter-ft-dart-frog-and-mongodb-part-2-m1a)

#### Articles by [Sailesh Dahal](https://saileshdahal.com.np/)

- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 1](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-1)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 2](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-2)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 3](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-3)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 4](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-4)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 5](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-5)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 6](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-6)

### Articles and tutorials

- [Building a Tweet Screenshot API with Dart Frog 🐸, & Puppeteer 🐾 ](https://zfinix.medium.com/building-a-tweet-screenshot-api-with-dart-frog-puppeteer-7e8da301dd32) by Chiziaruhoma Ogbonda
- [Dart Frog in 15 mins | Dart Frog for Server Apps 🎯🐸 | Dart on Server | Zero to Prod](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0PqwMrIJcE) by aseem wangoo
- [Use Dart on Servers with Dart Frog — The complete crash course](https://tomicriedel.medium.com/cff6fc9f033b) by Tomic Riedel
- [Real-Time Games with Dart :: Flutter Forward](https://youtu.be/TGKipiJhpXo) by Dominik Roszkowski and Felix Angelov
- [How to Create User Registration and Login API with Dart Frog + MongoDB + JWT](https://medium.com/@karokojnr/how-to-create-user-registration-and-login-api-with-dart-frog-mongodb-jwt-c4fb7f3f6086) by Kennedy Karoko
- [Bridging the gap: Distributed tracing for Flutter and Backend](https://medium.com/@jonasuekoetter/bridging-the-gap-distributed-tracing-for-flutter-and-backend-4943799b0ea9) by Jonas Uekötter
- [Crash Course: Basics of Dart Frog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bN5XsAPr-oc) by UltrasDzCoder
- [Elevate Your Flutter Web Hosting with Dart_Frog](https://jxstxn.dev/elevate-your-flutter-web-hosting-with-dartfrog) by Justin Baumann
- [Building a Full Stack App with Dart and Flutter | MonoRepo, Melos, and Dart 3 Course](https://youtu.be/_LhSRbekY5k) by Codepur
- [Dart Frog — The Frog Prince 🐸, Building Book Library Apis with Dart Frog](https://medium.com/@yousefsalah_85714/dart-frog-the-frog-prince-8dbb647b3e99) by Yousef Salah Kassem
- [Seamless Full Stack Development using Flutter & Dart Frog](https://verygood.ventures/blog/seamless-full-stack-development-using-flutter-dart-frog) by Tom Arra
  - [Video Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DJhzbhW0lQ)

## Libraries and plugins

### Official

- [dart_frog_web_socket](https://pub.dev/packages/dart_frog_web_socket) by [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource): WebSocket support for Dart Frog.
- [dart_frog_auth](https://pub.dev/packages/dart_frog_auth) by [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource): Header Authorization support for Dart Frog.

### Community

- [sentry_dart_frog](https://pub.dev/packages/sentry_dart_frog) by [ueman](https://github.com/ueman): Sentry integration for dart_frog. Capture errors and trace performance.
- [shelf_helmet](https://pub.dev/packages/shelf_helmet) by [jxstxn1](https://github.com/jxstxn1): A port of the NodeJS helmet package to Dart. Helmet helps you secure your Dart Shelf/Frog apps by setting various HTTP headers.
- [shelf_enforces_ssl](https://pub.dev/packages/shelf_enforces_ssl) by [jxstxn1](https://github.com/jxstxn1): Enforces that users can only make API requests over HTTPS (SSL).

## Projects

### Open source repos

- [I/O FLIP](https://github.com/flutter/io_flip): An AI-designed card game built with Flutter and Firebase for Google I/O 2023, by [Google](https://github.com/flutter) and [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VGVentures).
- [Flutter News Toolkit](https://github.com/flutter/news_toolkit): A news template application built in Flutter, by [Google](https://github.com/flutter) and [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VGVentures).
- [Talk Stream](https://github.com/Yczar/talk-stream-backend): A chat application built using Flutter & Dart Frog, by [Yczar](https://github.com/Yczar).
- [Rive Live](https://github.com/rive-app/rive_live): An app built by the [Rive team](https://rive.app/) to interact with their team during their [livestreams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Nilq-avNc4).
- [Book Library System](https://github.com/YousefSalahKassem/book_library): A book library system built using Dart Frog including Postman collection by [Yousef Salah kassem](https://github.com/YousefSalahKassem).

### Apps

- [Hespress](https://verygood.ventures/success-stories/hespress-case-study): A news app for Morocco’s first digital media outlet.

[dart_frog_link_dark]: https://github.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog#gh-dark-mode-only
[dart_frog_link_light]: https://github.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog#gh-light-mode-only
[logo_black]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog/main/assets/dart_frog_logo_black.png#gh-light-mode-only
[logo_white]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog/main/assets/dart_frog_logo_white.png#gh-dark-mode-only

Commit message:

feat: add jao orm to README
Added jao package entry to the list of Dart packages.

README.md, after:

[![Dart Frog Logo][logo_white]][dart_frog_link_dark]
[![Dart Frog Logo][logo_black]][dart_frog_link_light]

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat2.svg)](https://awesome.re)

# Awesome Dart Frog

Welcome! This repo is intended to highlight some awesome Dart Frog resources — articles, videos, open source projects, and more! If you have something to add, please review the [contributing guide](https://github.com/dart-frog-dev/awesome_dart_frog/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) before opening a PR.

[Dart Frog](https://github.com/dart-frog/dart_frog) is a fast, minimalistic backend framework for Dart. It can increase efficiency by allowing you to share code, tooling, and processes across the front and backend.

## Contents

- [Awesome Dart Frog](#awesome-dart-frog)
  - [Contents](#contents)
  - [Articles and tutorials](#articles-and-tutorials)
    - [Series](#series)
      - [Articles by Felix Angelov](#articles-by-felix-angelov)
      - [Livestreams by Craig Labenz on the Flutter YouTube channel](#livestreams-by-craig-labenz-on-the-flutter-youtube-channel)
      - [Articles by Md. Mobin](#articles-by-md-mobin)
      - [Articles by Sailesh Dahal](#articles-by-sailesh-dahal)
    - [Articles and tutorials](#articles-and-tutorials-1)
  - [Libraries and plugins](#libraries-and-plugins)
    - [Official](#official)
    - [Community](#community)
  - [Projects](#projects)
    - [Open source repos](#open-source-repos)
    - [Apps](#apps)

## Articles and tutorials

### Series

#### Articles by [Felix Angelov](https://twitter.com/felangelov)

- [Dart Frog full stack tutorial](https://verygood.ventures/blog/dart-frog-full-stack-tutorial)
- [Dart Frog is now stable 🎉](https://verygood.ventures/blog/dart-frog-stable)
- [Dart on the server with Dart Frog](https://verygood.ventures/blog/dart-frog)

#### Livestreams by [Craig Labenz](https://twitter.com/craig_labenz) on the [Flutter YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@flutterdev)

- [Observable Flutter: Code sharing & Postgres](https://youtu.be/WE-CYXE1xug): Explore code sharing between client and server and connect to a backend Postgres database. This example uses Dart Frog.
- [Observable Flutter: Dart + Postgres](https://youtu.be/g76H6-MeHHk): Picking up from the last video, Craig improves the Postgres connection handling in his Dart Frog server-side app.

#### Articles by [Md. Mobin](https://dev.to/djsmk123)

- [Build Full stack application using Flutter ft. Dart frog and MongoDB. Part 1](https://dev.to/djsmk123/build-full-stack-application-using-flutter-ft-dart-frog-and-mongodb-part-1-1e2k)
- [Build Full stack application using Flutter ft. Dart frog and MongoDB. Part 2](https://dev.to/djsmk123/build-full-stack-application-using-flutter-ft-dart-frog-and-mongodb-part-2-m1a)

#### Articles by [Sailesh Dahal](https://saileshdahal.com.np/)

- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 1](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-1)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 2](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-2)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 3](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-3)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 4](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-4)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 5](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-5)
- [Building a Fullstack App with dart_frog and Flutter in a Monorepo - Part 6](https://saileshdahal.com.np/building-a-fullstack-app-with-dartfrog-and-flutter-in-a-monorepo-part-6)

### Articles and tutorials

- [Building a Tweet Screenshot API with Dart Frog 🐸, & Puppeteer 🐾 ](https://zfinix.medium.com/building-a-tweet-screenshot-api-with-dart-frog-puppeteer-7e8da301dd32) by Chiziaruhoma Ogbonda
- [Dart Frog in 15 mins | Dart Frog for Server Apps 🎯🐸 | Dart on Server | Zero to Prod](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0PqwMrIJcE) by aseem wangoo
- [Use Dart on Servers with Dart Frog — The complete crash course](https://tomicriedel.medium.com/cff6fc9f033b) by Tomic Riedel
- [Real-Time Games with Dart :: Flutter Forward](https://youtu.be/TGKipiJhpXo) by Dominik Roszkowski and Felix Angelov
- [How to Create User Registration and Login API with Dart Frog + MongoDB + JWT](https://medium.com/@karokojnr/how-to-create-user-registration-and-login-api-with-dart-frog-mongodb-jwt-c4fb7f3f6086) by Kennedy Karoko
- [Bridging the gap: Distributed tracing for Flutter and Backend](https://medium.com/@jonasuekoetter/bridging-the-gap-distributed-tracing-for-flutter-and-backend-4943799b0ea9) by Jonas Uekötter
- [Crash Course: Basics of Dart Frog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bN5XsAPr-oc) by UltrasDzCoder
- [Elevate Your Flutter Web Hosting with Dart_Frog](https://jxstxn.dev/elevate-your-flutter-web-hosting-with-dartfrog) by Justin Baumann
- [Building a Full Stack App with Dart and Flutter | MonoRepo, Melos, and Dart 3 Course](https://youtu.be/_LhSRbekY5k) by Codepur
- [Dart Frog — The Frog Prince 🐸, Building Book Library Apis with Dart Frog](https://medium.com/@yousefsalah_85714/dart-frog-the-frog-prince-8dbb647b3e99) by Yousef Salah Kassem
- [Seamless Full Stack Development using Flutter & Dart Frog](https://verygood.ventures/blog/seamless-full-stack-development-using-flutter-dart-frog) by Tom Arra
  - [Video Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DJhzbhW0lQ)

## Libraries and plugins

### Official

- [dart_frog_web_socket](https://pub.dev/packages/dart_frog_web_socket) by [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource): WebSocket support for Dart Frog.
- [dart_frog_auth](https://pub.dev/packages/dart_frog_auth) by [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VeryGoodOpenSource): Header Authorization support for Dart Frog.

### Community

- [sentry_dart_frog](https://pub.dev/packages/sentry_dart_frog) by [ueman](https://github.com/ueman): Sentry integration for dart_frog. Capture errors and trace performance.
- [shelf_helmet](https://pub.dev/packages/shelf_helmet) by [jxstxn1](https://github.com/jxstxn1): A port of the NodeJS helmet package to Dart. Helmet helps you secure your Dart Shelf/Frog apps by setting various HTTP headers.
- [shelf_enforces_ssl](https://pub.dev/packages/shelf_enforces_ssl) by [jxstxn1](https://github.com/jxstxn1): Enforces that users can only make API requests over HTTPS (SSL).
- [jao](https://pub.dev/packages/jao) by [nexlabstudio](https://github.com/nexlabstudio/jao): A Django-inspired ORM for Dart. Framework-agnostic, type-safe, with a powerful QuerySet API.

## Projects

### Open source repos

- [I/O FLIP](https://github.com/flutter/io_flip): An AI-designed card game built with Flutter and Firebase for Google I/O 2023, by [Google](https://github.com/flutter) and [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VGVentures).
- [Flutter News Toolkit](https://github.com/flutter/news_toolkit): A news template application built in Flutter, by [Google](https://github.com/flutter) and [Very Good Ventures](https://github.com/VGVentures).
- [Talk Stream](https://github.com/Yczar/talk-stream-backend): A chat application built using Flutter & Dart Frog, by [Yczar](https://github.com/Yczar).
- [Rive Live](https://github.com/rive-app/rive_live): An app built by the [Rive team](https://rive.app/) to interact with their team during their [livestreams](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Nilq-avNc4).
- [Book Library System](https://github.com/YousefSalahKassem/book_library): A book library system built using Dart Frog including Postman collection by [Yousef Salah kassem](https://github.com/YousefSalahKassem).

### Apps

- [Hespress](https://verygood.ventures/success-stories/hespress-case-study): A news app for Morocco’s first digital media outlet.

[dart_frog_link_dark]: https://github.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog#gh-dark-mode-only
[dart_frog_link_light]: https://github.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog#gh-light-mode-only
[logo_black]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog/main/assets/dart_frog_logo_black.png#gh-light-mode-only
[logo_white]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dart-frog-dev/dart_frog/main/assets/dart_frog_logo_white.png#gh-dark-mode-only
